Hi, Walker.
Now, when use clicks on any of these projects, we then want to take that user to the digital page
of that project's okay.
Now, since Y is in, provider is going to be a bit complex, but I'm going to try my best to explain
that code to you.
Okay.
Now, to do this, we're going to need to go back to our VR record.
Then we're going to go to the product provider class.
Okay.
And now I will lose control a B to make this white.
Now, what they're going to do now is we are going to create a method or a function to get the product
ID.
Okay.
So to do that, we're just going to specify the type that is the type of product that is the product
model.
Okay.
Now we're going to create a function and we can call this find by.
I'd.
Okay.
Great.
Now the next thing you are going to do is rolling across the river by air.
So any time we call this fight, by the way, I then go to positive value.
Okay.
The river is going to be a type of strength and it's going to be the products it.
Great.
Now, the nesting regular need to do is to return.
Return this variable.
That has access to all this data that is is variable.
The other is called products.
Okay.
So you can see return on this car products.
Then we're going to say dots.
First.
We're.
We had elements.
Elements that I'd.
Is equal to.
The products.
The products ID.
Okay.
Great.
So this is basically it.
Now, one user clicks on this.
So we're going to take the user to that.
Product is whether it's illegal to take the user to that product's right and not other products.
It is what we're basically saying.
Then the next lecture, we are going to call this function.
We have a via function method.
And when we call this function.
Then are going to pass the value to.
But this is just a variable.
Right.
So you are going to pass the value to this and it's going to be the product ID able to pass.
You just going to see this in this lecture.
Okay.
So what you are going to need to do now is to probably have the chain of command via you, not to have
a very good and very nice format.
And in essence, do is to use control and this.
Okay.
So any mistake you are going to continue from here?
Okay, guys, see you.